# Parking Garage Management System

# Software Requirements Specification

## Revision History

| Date      | Revision | Description                                                                                                                         | Author      |
| --------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------- |
| 9/14/2025 | 1.0      | Initial Version                                                                                                                     | Kegang Peng |
| 9/18/2025 | 1.1      | 4 of 5 Group Members attended. Chris did not attend. 50 Minutes looking over our SRS document and filling out parts of all sections | -           |

# Table of Contents

1. Purpose
   1. Scope
   2. Definitions, Acronyms, Abbreviations
   3. References
   4. Overview
2. Overall Description
   1. Product Perspective
   2. Product Architecture
   3. Product Functionality/Features
   4. Constraints
   5. Assumptions and Dependencies
3. Specific Requirements
   1. Functional Requirements
   2. External Interface Requirements
   3. Internal Interface Requirements
4. Non-Functional Requirements
   1. Security and Privacy Requirements
   2. Environmental Requirements
   3. Performance Requirements

# 1.Purpose

This document outlines the requirements for the Parking Garage Management (PGM) System.

### 1.1 Scope

This document will catalog the user, system, and hardware requirements for the PGM system. It will not, however, document how these requirements will be implemented.

### 1.2 Definitions, Acronyms, Abbreviations

PGM: Parking garage management

### 1.3 References

Use Case Specification Document – Step 2 in assignment description
UML Use Case Diagrams Document – Step 3 in assignment description
Class Diagrams – Step 5 in assignment description
Sequence Diagrams – Step 6 in assignment description

### 1.4 Overview

The Parking Garage Management (PGM) System is designed to manage and monitor parking garages. It automatically records each vehicle’s license plate, entry time, exit time, and calculates the appropriate parking fees. Operators can view records and generate reports. By automating tracking and billing, the system reduces errors and increases efficiency for parking garages

# 2.Overall Description

### 2.1 Product Perspective

### 2.2 Product Architecture

The system will be organized into three major modules: the user interface module, the database module, and the billing module.

### 2.3 Product Functionality/Features

The high-level features of the system are as follows (see section 3 of this document for more detailed requirements that address these features):

### 2.4 Constraints

List appropriate constraints.
Constraint example: Since users may use any web browser to access the system, no browser-specific code is to be used in the system.

### 2.5 Assumptions and Dependencies

List appropriate assumptions
Assumption Example: It is assumed that the maximum number of users at a given time is 15,000.
“Banking/Payment Processor”

# 3.Specific Requirements

## 3.1 Functional Requirements

### 3.1.1 Common Requirements:

3.1.1.1 SR10 Maintain a live count of parked cars and show available parking spaces.
3.1.1.2 SR11 Sufficient memory to record millions of cars entry/exit details.

### 3.1.2 User Interface Module Requirements:

3.1.2.1 SR20 Select all day parking for discount
3.1.2.2 SR21 Prevent entries when garage is full.
3.1.2.3 SR22 Operator log in to generate reports.

### 3.1.3 Database Module Requirements:

3.1.3.1 SR30 Record car license plate, entry/exit time and total fee
3.1.3.2 SR31 Keep track of revenue and generate reports
3.1.3.3 SR32 Search for specific car by license plate.

### 3.1.4 Billing Module Requirements:

3.1.4.1 SR40 Calculate parking fee
3.1.4.2 SR41 Handle payment processing and provide billing options.

## 3.2 External Interface Requirements

3.2.1 SR50 The system must provide a user interface for customers to view their duration of stay, total fee, and payment options.
3.2.2 SR51 The system must provide a user interface for operators to log in. Operators can search for a car by license plate, view the details/histories of the car and print reports.

## 3.3 Internal Interface Requirements

3.3.1 SR60 The system must keep a record of reports generated by operators.

# 4.Non-Functional Requirements

### 4.1. Security and Privacy Requirements

4.1.1 SR70 System must encrypt operator’s username and password.

### 4.2. Environmental Requirements

4.2.1 SR80 The system requires uninterrupted access to internet services in order to function.

### 4.3. Performance Requirements

4.3.1 SR90 Responsive and user-friendly interface
4.3.2 SR91 Time calculation should be accurate to the minutes to ensure accurate fee calculation, fee should be rounded to 2 decimals.
4.3.3 SR92 Handle millions of cars without performance issues.
